Week 1

Our group was formed, and we decided to do the MealMatch project. Our group discussed our
technology stack and tasked ourselves with creating user stories and epics for this week.
Gordon, David and I worked on the stories for the Recipe Explorer. At the end of the week,
our group has a call meeting to check through everyone's user stories and making sure our
user stories covered the project description and objectives sufficiently. We had a few
questions, one of them regarding a line in the project description. We will ask Xin (our
mentor) during the tutorial next week.

Week 2

I worked together with the rest of the group to form the basic storyboards. Everyone
except Andrew worked on the storyboards meanwhile Andrew worked on the system architecture
diagram.

Week 3

I wrote the background section for the project proposal as well as compiled the report
and provided some basic formatting. After submitting the proposal, our group discussed
how we would approach developing our web app.

Week 4

It was decided that along with Gordon and Andy, we would work on the front end while David 
and Andrew would work on the backend. Andy and I only had pretty much no prior knowledge with 
how to code in Javascript or using React. This week mostly involved spending time learning how 
to use these tools.

Week 5

With help from Gordon who is more proficient in Javascript React, I was able to help write 
the code for recipe cards that would appear on the front page, as well as linking the recipes 
stored in the backend to the front end. 

Week 6

This was Flex week and most of us (me included) spent the week focusing on other subjects. 
Nothing much happened this week for our project.

Week 7

I started work on the recipe creation. The form was a lot more complicated than I initially 
thought it would. Getting the recipe creation working took most of my time for the week.

Week 8

I tidied up the code and made the form a reusable component so that I could implement edit recipe. 
I found a bug as well regarding the need to use callbacks because otherwise, every time I added 
an ingredient to the form, it would be one step behind. I also implemented the recipe search page.

Week 9 + 10

Leading up to the final submission, we finished all the core features of our website. 
However, there were many small bugs and UI improvements which were compiled into a 
google doc. Andy, Gordon and I spent the remaining time till the submission making improvements 
and removing bugs.