Week 1

Group was formed. Two meets were held during the latter half of the week to discuss the spec, the assessment criteria and overall thoughts 
on the project. The group came up with a list of user stories, which were polished over the 2nd meeting. I came up with two of those user
stories, and helped edit and go through the rest of them. The group discovered various difficulties/obscurities whilst reading through
the spec, and are prepared to clarify these issues in the week 2 lab. We have made rough decisions on our tech stack and preferences of 
roles in development.

Week 2

Clarified various concerns in tutorial, split tasks with relation to all proposal specs. All members had a meeting after the tutorial, 
with the agenda to meet up on Saturday to discuss and work on the UI design and diagrams, as well as the report for the proposal. 

Saturday 
4 hour meeting on doing System architechture design diagram, confirming and clarifying ideas around implementation and features to
include, extra features, collaborative effort in using figma to construct UI storyboards. 


Week 3
Andrew and I are finalising user stories, will go through these with the group. Other members of the group are assigned different parts
of the proposal.

Saturday
User stories in relation to novel functionalities, finishing touches and revision over all user stories were done by Andrew and I over a
2 hour meeting. A lot of discussion went into fleshing out how the implementation for the system was going to be like, gaining a better
holistic overview of the system, etc. Lastly, we did a part of the report writing, which involved relating the user stories to the novel
functionalities, as well as explaining how the user stories contributed to project objectives

Sunday
A 4 hour meeting was took place, which finalised all our changes for the proposal by putting together all the different parts. I helped 
out by contributing the to discussion, deciding what novel features we should actually include in our proposal. Our goal for the meeting
is probably try to discuss in detail how to start on the coding, flesh out our understanding of how to implement our system in practice
further, so that everyone is on the same page before starting.

Week 4

Tuesday
2 and a half hour meeting to figure out the techstack, we brainstormed some of the HTTP requests, came up with a database schema, and 
managed to install various packages so everyone can get started. We started another github, acting as a sandbox for us to familiarise 
ourselves with various aspects of the techstack, and we figured its better to do it this way rather than cluster up the main project github. 

Thurdsay
I had a meeting with Andrew for about 2 hours, finishing off the templates for the API for all the user stories and polishing the 
database schema, so we can discuss these changes with the team at our next group meeting. 

Friday
I had a meeting with Andrew for about 2 hours, discussing the backend architechture and how the database will interact with the rest of the 
system. A lot of time was spent on whether or not we needed an API for the database, so that the backend code would be cleaner and be more 
easily scalable if we were to add additional features, etc. 

Saturday
Meeting with the test to keep everyone on the same page with the backend/database. Gordon did some demonstration with how to use reactJS, since he 
some prior experience with the framework. Since the boilerplate code still needs to be fully setup, we decided to split into two groups - 
Anrew and I on the backend + database and Andy, Kevin and Gordon on the frontend, although it is flexible since people would like to learn different
things. 

Week 5

The plan is to finish off the sprint (or most of the sprint) by the demo, which includes getting the boilerplate code done so the project can get off
the ground. In addition, a few key user stories will be implemented so that we have a decent show at the demo on Thrusday

Monday
2-3 hour meeting with andrew to complete the sql schema and try it out in a database with some sample data. We decided to switch from mySQL to sqlite3 
because it is more lightweight and more suitable for this project, since we will not be managing huge amounts of data in our database that we need a
database server.

Tuesday
Group chat with Andrew to work on the backend. Since my experience of backend/web development is not that great, I spent quite a lot of time learning before
getting start on actually implementing functions.

Wednesday
Group chat with the team, finalising most of the changes and seeing the backend and frontend connect. I wrote the get all recipes and search recipes based on 
running list in recipe.py, as well as fix up code across the backend, add new data to the database and modify the schema slightly. Later, everyone contributed
in helping each other with finishing off each other's parts if people needed help. We realised that some of our user stories may have been too large in scale,
and should have been broken down into smaller user stories since the acceptance criteria was quite heavy. Thus for next sprint, we would probably look for ways
to re-evaluate some of our existing user-stories and decide if they needed to be broken up into smaller cards so that it is easier to assign indiviuals work
and increase the overall workflow and productivity of the group. It would also be easier to get feedback and make things more organised.

Week 7
Group finalise retrospective 1, I fell sick during week 6 and this persisted throughout week 7, leaving me with assignment extensions and being unable to work on
comp3900 for a while. My team members were supportive and understanding so they let me catch up on my other work first.

Week 8 
Several group meetings about demo 2, small chats with Andrew about backend implementation, but still sick first part of the week and still finishing off assignment extensions, so unable to contribute that much to this portion of the sprint. Probably be contributing a lot more after this demo.

Thursday
Restrospective + demo with the team, all team members were present, we were able to identify some technical difficulties in the frontend, discuss our following plans before the 
project is due in week 9. Overall, the demo was well done and we managed to show off all our features in the time limit

Friday + Saturday
Andrew and I managed to finish off the backend completely, which includes implementing all api calls, doing some testing, creating sample data for the database, and
refactoring all code. 

Week 9
Monday
clean up some backend bugs by andrew, and implemented another api call.

Tuesday-Thursday
Discussion about functionality with group, Andrew, fixing bugs with Andrew, adding additional test data, final cleanup of backend

Week 10
Wednesday
Contributed to report writing, adding real recipes to database, adding images to sample test data, last final checks with group, preparation for presentation 

