Week 1
We formed our group and decided that we were doing MealMatch as our project. We created our Jira page and discussed some technologies we
could use for our project. We decided (pending further exploration) to use Python+Flask,MySQL and React. We wrote the user stories for our
project but these may be subject to change later. The user stories have not been uploaded to Jira yet.

Gordon and I were responsible for the recipe contributor portion of the user stories. 

Week 2
Tuesday
From the lecture:
Business Layer - units of code that deal with business logic
Data Layer - units of code that deal with data persistence
Presentation Layer - units of code that deal with the interface presented to users.

Thursday (Lab)
We were confused about this sentence:

"The system must be able
to suggest a category for each ingredient added by contributors, based on categories previously associated on
other recipes with that ingredient."

Our tutor clarified:
Assuming the category of an entered ingredient is already in the database, the system will bring up the category upon the entry of the ingredient. This is enough to satisfy the specifications.

Extra features will be rewarded. You can't go over full marks but it may compensate for marks lost elsewhere.


We decided to do a UI design session together over the weekend (currently scheduled for Saturday). 

On Saturday, we spent some time designing the UI elements. We will need to have the proposal done by Sunday and that is our goal for this week. We're also not sure about how the feature of recommending sets of ingredients without a matching recipe is meant to be implemented so we'll need to ask our tutor about that. I will be helping with report writing and designing the remaining wireframes.

Week 3
On Thursday, our tutor clarified that having explorers request a recipe to be made with their running last was a valid way of implementing the feature where contributors are shown the most commonly entered set of ingredients without a matching recipe. Gordon and I decided we would be doing the wireframe/storyboard diagrams and the flow diagrams.

On Saturday night/Sunday morning, Gordon and I completed the wireframes and flow diagrams. On Sunday night, we put the finishing touches on our proposal and decided what we will be doing next week in terms of user stories. We will be implementing searching through the catalogue of ingredients, creating a running list and seeing what recipes can be made from our running list, but we will first need to learn how to use our tech stack before we assign roles in more detail. The first sprint is due at the end of week 4 (so at the end of next week). 

Week 4
So far, we've added some boiler plate code but nothing substantial. We need to decide who will be working on which parts of the assignment, and also whether or not we need to modify the user stories to be implemented in the first sprint.

Week 5

Monday-Wednesday
After spending several days setting up my development environment and learning javascript with Gordon's assitance, I managed to implement part of the frontend recipe search functionality. Progress was slow for me this week due to having to get used to a new language, but things should be faster from now on. We realised this week that two of our user stories were too large to be completed - that is, the main functionality was successfully implemented but the accpetance criteria included substantial other requirements which would've been better to split off into separate user stories. We are mostly in agreement that this failure to get things done in time is due to placing too many requirements into too few user stories, but that said our system will mostly be functional for the demo. 

We completed our retrospective in the lab session, immediately after the demo.

Week 6
Quiet/flex week

Week 7
On the weekend, we started work on sprint 2 (this will continue next week). I began implementing the login functionality. There wasn't much work done this week as some of us had other things to do.

Week 8
Monday-Tuesday
We made progress implementing the remaining user stories in the spring but with the demo. I managed to get the functionality for showing the page associated with a recipe working and the logout+registration to go with the login functionalty was also completed. 

Wednesday 
I managed to get the recipes created by a user showing on its own page, but so far I'm having some difficulties implementing edit/delete.

Thursday-Sunday
We didn't manage to get edit recipe implemented in time as it was dependent on the create recipe functionality which was also in an incomplete state. Otherwise, I managed to successfully implement delete recipe (or so I thought at that time). The demo went fairly well in spite of the things we had yet to complete. On Sunday, I was informed that there was apparently a problem with delete. So far I've yet to learn the nature of this problem. The API is now mostly complete along with the database and backend and it's now a matter of completing the remaining frontend. 
